creating use-ff dropdown for developer hub ff docs. (#7123)
harness/developer-hub: docs/feature-flags/use-ff/relay-proxy/load_balancing.md

---
title: Load Balancing

> description: This topic contains information on how to use multiple Proxy's with a loadbalancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This topic contains information on how to use multiple proxies with a load balancer
```
